==============
Test Chapter 1
==============

This is a text document for Kenji Rikitake's LaTeX presentation for
SphinxCon JP 2014.

Why Erlang people need the Erlang Factory events
------------------------------------------------

This section is quoted from my own blog article at the following URL,
and modified by me:

http://concurrently-chaotic.blogspot.jp/2012/04/why-erlang-people-need-erlang-factory.html

My impression at Erlang Factory SF Bay 2012
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

`Disclaimer`: I am writing this blog article on my way home from SFO.
The reduced air pressure in the passenger cabin might have affected the
contents of this article.

I spent all three days of `Erlang Factory SF Bay 2012
<http://www.erlang-factory.com/conference/SFBay2012/>`_ with two more
days to cope with the jet lag.  This was my third consecutive time to
participate in the event as an invited speaker.

One of the most impressive things about this conference is that
Francesco Cesarini, the leader of this event and CTO of the hosting
company `Erlang Solutions <http://www.erlang-solutions.com/>`_ ,
carefully treats `all` delegates (which stands for the participants)
equally with kindness and hospitality. Francesco's principles are well
understood by all the other Erlang Solutions staff members as well.

I think Erlang Factory provides integrated feelings of satisfaction to
all the delegated by letting them exchange the serious but friendly
discussions. This is `not` something you can find over teleconferences
or any forms of distant communication either synchronous or
asynchronous. Erlang Factory is `not` a decision-making event; it is
about sharing ideas and hanging out with each other, supporting both
mental and emotional needs of the delegates.

Talk Topics at Erlang Factory
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Erlang Factory conference accepts a large number of versatile topics including: 

* Distributed databases

* Case studies in production systems

* Detailed debugging into the library and the host operating systems

* Crash courses for programming and testing the language system, and

* `Official announcements` from Ericsson's OTP Team, who owns the final
  responsibility of managing and directing the language system's future.

An opportunity to discuss various complex issues with the speakers `and`
the audiences is itself rare and precious, especially when the issues
share the same core interests: `Erlang/OTP`_.

Erlang Factory also accepts non-mainstream topics as a talk proposal. In
the past three years, I talked about RPC over SSH, Mersenne Twister
implementation with the NIFs, and in this year 2012 it was about IPv6
readiness and programming tips of the language system. Those are not
necessarily the mainstream topics in the Erlang/OTP community, though I
find quite a few problem reports on the online discussion places, such
as in the `erlang-questions mailing list
<http://erlang.org/mailman/listinfo/erlang-questions>`_.

My Talk Style
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

My style of talk at the Erlang Factory is nothing extraordinary:

* First I analyze the problem and define the detailed problem domain to solve;

* then I write some example code to solve them and put them on the Web
  including GitHub and the other sharing places `before` finalizing the
  talk so that I could make it better with the wisdoms of others;

* I also experiment and evaluate the results while I'm finalizing the
  code and the presentation materials;

* Then at the Erlang Factory talks I discuss the conclusions found and
  propose the unresolved issues which may become another interesting
  talk topic.

The important points are sticking to the facts, no exaggeration,
distinguishing assumptions from the facts, and listening to what the
audiences ask and comment.  Actually this is the same procedure I will
take for the ACM Erlang Workshops, but for the Erlang Factory I try to
make the presentation including more practical aspects and open
questions.

I usually assign three months as a part-time project for an Erlang
Factory presentation.  The toughest part is to decide what to talk
about. It's actually Francesco who suggested me to give a talk about
IPv6 for this year 2012.  I had some experience dealt with the technical
issues of IPv6, so I decided to take the suggestion.  The important
point is that what you are going to talk is negotiable with the Erlang
Factory staff.

So I enjoyed it very much!
**************************

This year 2012's events of Erlang Factory SF Bay Area were very intense,
both in formal and casual senses. I've got an impression that it has
become a truly international-class conference, while retaining the
casual and friendly style of the past conferences.

I believe people go for conferences and events to meet people and share
the feelings. It's a sort of festival, or `Matsuri` in Japanese,
though also with the practical exchange of ideas. I strongly suggest all
the `Erlang/OTP`_ enthusiasts to participate in this superb Matsuri.

.. _Erlang/OTP: http://www.erlang.org/
